Add GitHub organization profile (#1)
keptn/.github: profile/README.md

##  Welcome to the Keptn project 👋

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Website&message=keptn.sh&color=blue)](https://keptn.sh/)
[![Roadmap](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Roadmap&message=public&color=green)](https://github.com/orgs/keptn/projects/1)
[![Governance](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Governance&message=process&color=yellow)](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/blob/master/GOVERNANCE.md)
[![Participate](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Contributing&message=guide&color=blue)](https://keptn.sh/community/)

Keptn is an event-driven orchestration engine for cloud-native apps.
Started in 2018,

> It uses a declarative approach to build scalable automation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it uses a declarative approach to build scalable automation
```

> Started in 2018,
> It uses a declarative approach to build scalable automation
> for delivery and operations which can be scaled to a large number of services.
> Keptn evaluates _Service Level Indicators (SLOs)_ and provides a dashboard, alerts, and auto-remediation for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Started in 2018,
it uses a declarative approach to automate delivery and operations
so they can be scaled up to a large number of services.
Keptn evaluates _Service Level Indicators (SLOs)_ and provides a dashboard, alerts, and auto-remediation for them.
```

It also provides [integrations](https://keptn.sh/docs/integrations/)
with the Cloud Native ecosystem 
including _Prometheus_, _ArgoCD_, _CloudEvents_, _Backstage_,
and many other cloud-native projects.

> Keptn a member project of the [Cloud Native Computing Foundation](https://cncf.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keptn is a member project of the [Cloud Native Computing Foundation](https://cncf.io).
```

**Want to contribute?**
There is a big community behind Keptn.
We invite you to join us and participate. 

> Connect to the Community on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect to the community on
```
Since "community" is not capitalized in line 21, seems odd to capitalize it here.
